# Conky Configuration

## Clock, RAM, and CPU Display

The clock, ram, and cpu displays are generated by clock.conf and cpu_ram.conf and do not require any external setup. This should
work as soon as you run conky.sh

## Twitch Display

The twitch display uses the twitch api to get information about certain streamers. This api call is made using Node.js before
being integrated into twitch.conf. To get this set up you will need to create a twitch api application and get the required
client_id and secret for it. Once you have this information follow the corresponding steps.

1. Install Node.js and npm
2. ```cd api/```
3. ```npm install```
4. Create a secrets.json file and add the following information:

```bash
{
    "twitch_client_id": "you_client_id",
    "twitch_client_secret": "your_secret"
}
```

5. Open up twitch.js and add the streamers that you want displayed in the "streamers" array near the top of the file.
6. Update the twitch.js script path in twitch.conf

Once you start up conky.sh, the streamers should be displayed on your desktop environments if they are live.

**This configuration only displays a maximum of 6 live streamers at a time so it does not take too much space, you can
increase this limit yourself in twitch.js and twitch.conf**

**This configuration updates the status of all streamer once every minute, you can increase or decrease this time in twitch.conf file**

## Stocks Display

The stocks display uses Nodejs to webscrape data off of yahoo finance before being integrated to stocks.conf. To setup this display
follow the corresponding steps:

1. Install Node.js and npm
2. ```cd api/```
3. ```npm install```
5. Open up stocks.js and add the stocks that you want displayed in the "stocks" array near the top of the file.
6. Update the stocks.js script path in stocks.conf

Once you start up conky.sh, the stocks should be displayed on your desktop environments if they are live.